Add federated-addons page (#3104)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/1.1/clusters/attach-cluster/federated-addons/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug

> navigationTitle: Federated Addons

Reviewer: We're not using the terms "federated" and "addon" on the other docs IIRC. Maybe we need to explain them in one of the pages further up the page hierarchy.

Author: Now introduced in the attach-cluster `index.md`.

title: Federated Addons

> menuWeight: 7

Reviewer: I don't know what this means so I'm just leaving a comment here to double-check.

Author: I did and it makes little sense but `7` looks OK:
```
➜  1.1 (armandgrillet/D2IQ-70223) ✔ pwd
/Users/armand/Code/dcos-docs-site/pages/ksphere/kommander/1.1
➜  1.1 (armandgrillet/D2IQ-70223) ✔ pt "menuWeight: 7"
./centralized-cost-monitoring/index.md
5:menuWeight: 7

./centralized-monitoring/index.md
5:menuWeight: 7

./clusters/creating-konvoy-cluster-aws/index.md
5:menuWeight: 7

./clusters/creating-konvoy-cluster-on-prem/index.md
5:menuWeight: 7

./clusters/creating-konvoy-cluster-azure/index.md
5:menuWeight: 7

./clusters/attach-eks-cluster/index.md
5:menuWeight: 7

./clusters/index.md
5:menuWeight: 7

./clusters/attach-cluster/index.md
5:menuWeight: 7

./clusters/attach-cluster/federated-addons/index.md
5:menuWeight: 7

➜  1.1 (armandgrillet/D2IQ-70223) ✔ pt "menuWeight: 8"
./projects/index.md
5:menuWeight: 8

./workspaces/index.md
5:menuWeight: 8

➜  1.1 (armandgrillet/D2IQ-70223) ✔ pt "menuWeight: 6"
./licensing/index.md
6:menuWeight: 6
```

Author: @russurquhart1 Do you have any information regarding the use of `menuWeight`? Would like to confirm which value to use in this case.

Reviewer 2: > @russurquhart1 Do you have any information regarding the use of `menuWeight`? Would like to confirm which value to use in this case.

@armandgrillet menuweight determines the order of the TOC items, by level. So you should never have 2 items with the same menuweight. Each level starts over:

Release Notes (5) 
Introduction (10)
Installing (15)
  Install on AWS (5)
  Install on Azure (10) 
  Install on-prem (15) 
Troubleshooting (20)

Author: @cmastr Thanks for the info! Updating this PR one more time to update this and move "Attach Amazon EKS Cluster to Kommander"

excerpt: A description of how federated addons work
---

## Addons federation

> When attaching a cluster, Kommander federates certain addons on the newly attached cluster. To customize the federation of the logging and monitoring stacks, operators can use federation labels on addons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When attaching a cluster, Kommander federates certain addons on the newly attached cluster. To customize the federation of the logging and monitoring stacks, operators apply certain labels to the associated `KommanderCluster` resource.
```

On attachment, two factors impact if an addon is deployed or not on the attached cluster:
1. Is the attached cluster a Konvoy cluster or not (e.g. a cluster deployed using AWS EKS)?
2. Does a label regarding the federation of the addon exist and has it been set? If yes, what is its value?

> The tables below describe the list of addons and cluster addons that get federated on attachment with its related federation label (if available). Addons that do not have a federation label are federated by default. If an addon is described as only federated on non-Konvoy clusters, it will not get installed even if its federation label is set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tables below describe the list of addons that get federated on attachment with its related federation label (if available). Addons that do not have a federation label are federated by default. If an addon is described as only federated on non-Konvoy clusters, it will not get installed onto Konvoy clusters even if its federation label is set to `true`.
```
I assume mentioning the difference between namespaced addons and cluster-level addons would just confuse customers.

Author: I have applied the change at the end of the paragraph but kept the "list of addons and cluster addons" as the tables differentiate them below.

> Currenrly, the monitoring stack will be federated by default and the logging stack will not. This is why `prometheus` is the only addon federated by default with a federation label to disable it if needed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, the monitoring stack will be federated by default and the logging stack will not. This is why `prometheus` is the only addon federated by default with a federation label to disable it if needed.
```

> Currenrly, the monitoring stack will be federated by default and the logging stack will not. This is why `prometheus` is the only addon federated by default with a federation label to disable it if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the monitoring stack will be federated by default and the logging stack will not. This is why `prometheus` is the only addon federated by default with a federation label to disable it if needed.
```
